In this java program, the aim is perform Word Sense Disambiguation (WSD) with using Naive Bayes Classifier. 
The main method needs to take 3 file name as argument respectively train file(.pos), test file(.pos) and the output file name that results will be write on. 
The program firstly handles the train file. The train file must has nested shape which contain a corpus,lexelts, instances and contexs blocks. Each lexelt tag contains a unique item and some instances which contain unique id, answer line with sense id, and a context block which contains some words with PoS tag and a target word which in head tags. The program has Train, Lexelt, Instance, Word and Sense classes whih contains their sub constructs lists, for keep that informations. We handle the test file with close method with train file(but train file does not have sense informations).  And then we create  feature vector for ambiguous words. For feature exraction phase, we use neighbor words of ambigious words(which are in <head> </head> tags) with window size +-3 but if this neigbors are punctuation or any stop word which are describing in StopWord class, it will be remove from feature vector. We kept feature elements as an object of word class that has PoS tag, position, word informations. And when the program  guesses the sense of a word in a contex uses that informations for comparing.
In NaiveBayes class there are many methods for calculating probabilities for any sense for any ambigious word . The mathematical details can be seeing in code and command lines. 
Eventually, the guessing sense id's for each ambigious words in test set writes on output file whit instance id. 

Hazal Çağlan 21228161
